There are two extreme ideas that flow through the world after the World War.
It is the so-called leftist revolution.
The old politics was actually a dictatorship of the upper class.
For this reason, the upper class was always persecuted.
The current upper class is, even by violence,
It is a dictatorship of the upper class.
Instead, it is a society that aims to benefit the upper class.
It is a society that aims to benefit the upper class.
The people are in conflict with this.
It is the so-called rightist revolution.
The upper class is actually a class of ignorant and ignorant.
If the upper class of ignorant and ignorant is to gain political control,
It is necessary to destroy social life and lead the nation to destruction.
The upper class is actually a class of the smart.
Those who belong to the upper class of the smart are, even by violence,
It is a movement to destroy the dictatorship of the upper class.
The extreme flow of these two ideas is now the world.
It is a collision or revolution, or a riot.
It is a tragedy that kills people by spilling blood.
However, Japan is not only a upper class of the upper class.
Japan is the whole of Japan.
Therefore, all the reforms in politics and economy in Japan
should be aimed at the coexistence and cooperation of the whole of Japan.
Those who work hard for the national society are,
To be honest, those who work hard for the national society are,
The debate of the upper class of the upper class and the upper class of the lower class.
Together, it is necessary to ensure the stability of life,
Together, it is necessary to complete the humanity of the store.
Building a new society that can provide equal opportunities
I believe that it is necessary to be an ideal of the new era.